Add cw-ics721 to README (#100)
cosmos/ibc-apps: README.md

| [Interchain KV Queries](https://github.com/ingenuity-build/interchain-queries) | Module | [Ingenuity](https://github.com/ingenuity-build) | An application that enables on chain querying of another IBC enabled chains state without the need for the chain being queried to implement the application. |
| [query](https://github.com/defund-labs/defund/tree/main/x/query) | Module | [Defund Labs](https://github.com/defund-labs) | An application that enables on chain querying of another IBC enabled chains state without the need for the chain being queried to implement the application. Similar to the interchain-queries application in the row above but without callbacks. |
| [NFT Transfer (ICS 721)](https://github.com/bianjieai/nft-transfer) | Module | [Bianjieai](https://github.com/bianjieai) | An application that enables cross chain NFT transfer. |

> | [CosmwWasm NFT Transfer (ICS 721)](https://github.com/public-awesome/cw-ics721) | Module | [Public Awesome (Stargaze)](https://github.com/public-awesome), [Ark Protocol](https://twitter.com/ArkProtocol) | An application that enables cross chain NFT transfer. CosmWasm implementation of the above, written in Rust. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [CosmwWasm NFT Transfer (ICS 721)](https://github.com/public-awesome/cw-ics721) | WASM Contract | [Public Awesome (Stargaze)](https://github.com/public-awesome), [Ark Protocol](https://twitter.com/ArkProtocol) | An application that enables cross chain NFT transfer. CosmWasm implementation of the above, written in Rust. |
```
